viewer on the exciting movies channel
today i will tell you about the fourth
fifth and sixth episodes from the series
the squid game
careful there are spoilers ahead fourth
series kihen suspects that his friend
sanwoo deliberately kept silent about
the fact that he guessed what the task
would be in the last game
however their team did not break up they
are still together
mino is now in team with dioxo and his
bandits for lunch everyone was given a
boiled egg and bottles of mineral water
this is not enough to get enough so mino
persuades dioxa to join the queue again
they do so because of this other players
do not have enough food a scuffle begins
dioxa kills another player and is not
punished for it moreover each new death
increases the prize pool by 100 million
the bandits see this as a chance you can
kill all the weaklings at night so that
there are fewer rivals and more money
the man who received the hint before the
last assignment turns out to be a doctor
he helps soldiers serving in the game
cuts organs from corpses and sends them
for sale on the black market
for this he is given hints the key hun
team decides not to go to bed tonight so
they don't get killed by dioxo's thugs
kihen calls the pickpocket cepek into
his team but she refuses and says that
she does not trust anyone
soldiers warn the doctor that there will
be a scuffle the management of the game
deliberately plays off the players the
doctor decides to join the strongest in
order to avoid death
when the lights are turned off the
carnage begins
dioksu attacks sepek but kian helps her
his whole team is defending the girl
diox and his thugs are not allowed to
finish what they started
soldiers rush in and carry away the
corpses the doctor sews up diox's wound
and mino seduces him and takes from him
a promise to work together
detective wong writes reports of what he
saw into his phone his neighbor sends
him a message in morse code the next day
kavan follows his neighbor everywhere in
order to understand what he wanted from
him
before the new competition players are
forced to split into groups of ten
the doctor tells deox what awaits them
and the gangster decides to leave her
because it takes a man's strength to win
kian has one of the weakest teams she is
joined by mino rejected by dioxu and
another girl who was found by cepek
players are forced to tug of war at high
altitudes the losing team falls down and
crashes to death
dioxu and the rest of his group are the
first to enter the competition
they win and go to the common room
kihan's team is competing second they
are already preparing to lose but the
old man tells them a good strategy to
win they almost manage not to fall down
immediately but the forces are unequal
and therefore the other team takes the
initiative
then san woo suggests taking a chance
taking three steps forward and when the
opponents relax pulling with all their
might
not everyone was willing to take the
risk but there was no choice
they do as sanwoo ordered fifth series
kihun's team is tug of war but starts to
lose san woo suggests taking the risk of
taking three steps forward and pulling
with all his might when the opponents
relax
no choice the players do as sanwoo
ordered and win the second team falls
down the survivors gathered in the
common room kihan's team is bigger now
they understand that at night dioxu and
his henchmen will attack again and
therefore the ki hun and the others are
building barricades
dioxu tells kian that the barricades
will not hold them back then kehan asks
him if dioksu is afraid of his new
comrades because they can unite and kill
him since he is the strongest of them
dioxou pondered he commands everyone
said that at night they do not commit a
pogrom supposedly they all need to rest
but kihun's team is still going to take
turns on watch staying on duty in pairs
at night people from kihun's team rally
even more
they tell each other about their past
life and share their secret
the doctor is taken away to remove
organs from new corpses wang follows his
neighbor to find out what he is hiding
the soldier takes him to an underground
shelter where a doctor works
he says their group is selling organs
and helping a doctor get tested
when the doctor finishes his work huang
and his neighbor go with the organs to
the underground grotto to transport them
to intermediaries
their juan finds out the details of the
game and then kills the soldier
once we're a team
[Music]
the doctor loses his temper when he
finds out that the soldiers do not know
the details of the next test
he kills one and escapes when the second
soldier catches up with him and asks to
surrender the soldier is killed by the
game manager
then the doctor is also killed wong
climbs the stairs to which the masked
soldier pointed he goes to the game
organizer's room he fires a pistol to
knock down the lock on the hatch leading
to these rooms
the game master hears a shot the steward
goes down to the secret hideout and
finds the corpses of the soldiers
he realizes that they were selling
players organs behind his back and
helping the doctor
also the manager realizes that one of
the traders is still alive and he is
somewhere on the island
players are woken up for the next
competition kehan sees that the old man
who could not remember his name is
really bad
he wet himself wong searches the rooms
and finds the archive files are stored
in folders for participants in games
that have been held for more than a
dozen years
among the participants he searches for
his brother's name but does not find it
then wong opens the list of winners of
the games and sees the desired name
among them
his brother was among the winners and a
case was opened against him too
sixth series players were lined up in
the common room before the start of the
next competition
the old man from kihun's team wet
himself kihen to hide his grandfather's
shame gave him his jacket the
participants were taken along the
corridors to the next game in the
passages they saw the corpses of
soldiers selling organs and a doctor
suspended from the ceiling
the steward has warned that this will be
the case with anyone who breaks the
rules
detective wong photographing documents
from the archive on his phone at this
moment the phone rings the manager
answers the call then quan tries to call
the police from the same phone but he
fails
he does not hang up the phone the way
the manager did
players are led into a spacious
white-walled room and forced to pair up
for the next competition
due to the fact that the doctor dropped
out there were an odd number of
participants
san woo chooses strong alley as a pair
cepek goes to the game with a new girl
from their team
keehan gets the old man and the girl is
left alone no one chose her
players are taken to the new pavilion
here is a lined up model of a typical
suburban area of south korea the
participants are informed that each pair
will compete with each other and they
will play with stones
they can choose any game the player who
has collected all 20 pieces of glass
wins most play the game even odd that is
guess how many pieces of glass the
opponent has in his fist
if guessing they take as many balls as
were in their own fist
ali never played this game but san woo
explained the rules to him and ali
started winning
he almost completely beat sanwoo sepec
with a new acquaintance decided not to
play until the last
they have half an hour to chat and at
the end they will make one move and the
winner will take everything
the old man fell into insanity he
wanders around the set thinking that
this is his home area
and kehan tries to persuade him to start
the game finally he succeeds and they
sit down to play even odd
san woo realizes that ali will beat him
he asks him to stop persuades him to
cheat so that they both become victors
he sends the guy to look for the weak
points of other teams
for ali to believe he gives him a bag of
glass beads but in fact he put real
stones there
when ali leaves sang-woo steals ali's
balls and shows them to the soldier
ali loses and dies
[Music]
the old man almost won kian but began to
get confused kihen did not want to but
he took advantage of it because even
less he wanted to die
by tricking he almost won the old man
but he again fell into memories and left
to wander around the scenery
when kihan found him the old man
admitted that he had been giving in on
purpose
he remembered his name oilman then he
gave his victory to kian the old man was
shot
sepek and her rival became friends the
girl realized that she did not want to
stay in the game and therefore gave
zepek a chance to win
she deliberately lost and was shot
player 240 eliminated
played with one of his gang he too
almost lost but change the rules of the
game and snatch the victory by surviving
that's all for today subscribe and like
if you want more of these videos there
was an exciting movies channel with you
see you later
[Music]
you